mesh_gl start

find_contours done: 0.04 seconds
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 31 False
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 False
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 2844 False
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 3 False
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 18 False
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 47 False
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 17 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 17 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 49 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 19 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 16671 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 11 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 27 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 15 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 45 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 15 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 11 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 19 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 19 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 11 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 11 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 33 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 333 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 13 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 17 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 21 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 25 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 27 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 31 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 29 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 29 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 21 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 13 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 13 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 43 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 11 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 29 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 13 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 11 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 11 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 17 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 13 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 11 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 11 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 15 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 21 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 89 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 15 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 17 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 31 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 35 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 11 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 13 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 23 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 13 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 37 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 29 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 11 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 29 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 21 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 27 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 11 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 55 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 121 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 43 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 11 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 69 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 75 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 11 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 59 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 15 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 13 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 27 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 61 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 17 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 37 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 25 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 15 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 87 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 21 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 15 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 13 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 29 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 11 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 23 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 23 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 11 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 11 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 13 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 17 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 15 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 75 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 19 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 87 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 31 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 11 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 29 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 31 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 11 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 15 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 11 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 26 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 11 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 11 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 37 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 11 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 13 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 15 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 17 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 13 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 65 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 33 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 25 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 11 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 31 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 17 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 11 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 13 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 11 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 41 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 19 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 21 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 11 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 31 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 15 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 13 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 57 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 11 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 13 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 35 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 11 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 39 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 25 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 17 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 41 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 29 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 35 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 13 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 109 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 23 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 21 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 17 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 17 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 13 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 11 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 11 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 21 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 17 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 13 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 197 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 43 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 35 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 237 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 37 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 23 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 15 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 39 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 125 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 11 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 17 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 281 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 263 False
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 29 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 17 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 11 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 106 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 13 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 11 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 15 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 15 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 23 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 23 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 11 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 7 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 92 False
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 9 True
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 20 False
len(contour_pts) {} closed contour {} 5 False
Warning: VTK requires 3D points, but 2D points given. Appending 0 third 
component.
mesh_gl done: 21.92 seconds

